Dear Kash,



_______________________________________________________________________

Dear Raph,

It was really great to catch up with you at QME. I just wanted to let you how much I appreciate your kind support and offer to help. As I go through the search process, it is incredibly meaningful and timely too.

I've just started going to campus visits now, and I hope to get some sense of how the market will play out. Following our conversation on positioning, I'll share a couple of paragraphs about how I'm 



_______________________________________________________________________

Dear Francesca,


_______________________________________________________________________


I recently visited Virginia Tech Pamplin College of Business as a seminar speaker in the Marketing Department. I met with several faculty members, the department administrator who planned my trip, and the Dean as well. I would like to send them nice thank you notes, highlighting the following: their hospitality, gifts they gave me (wine glasses and custom notebook). I would also like to bring up how their focus on the interface of business and technology is such a dynamic and growing area, and fits very well with my areas of research and teaching. I learned from the Dean about Pamplin One, how thoughtfully they are developing and crafting their range of programs including undergraduate, masters, phd and executive phd as well. I'd like to bring up how it's a wonderful opportunity for someone joining as a senior faculty to have substantial impact on the group, college and university, leveraging the unique strengths and complementarity of the school. The school is aiming to move up the ranks in research, with focus on quality and impact of research, and in my view, has great potential. They have two campuses, one in Blacksburg, VA and one in Northern Virginia. 

Can you draft separate e-mails for 5 senior faculty, the department coordinator and the dean. My name is Maxx.

Faculty: Jian, Meng, Frank, Mario, Dipankar, Shane



_______________________________________________________________________________________

**Subject:** Thank You for a Wonderful Visit  

Dear Professor [Last Name],

I wanted to thank you personally for your warm welcome during my recent 
visit to the Pamplin College of Business. Your hospitality, coupled with 
the thoughtful gifts of the wine glasses and custom notebook, truly made 
the experience memorable.

I was struck by Pamplin’s focus on the interface of business and 
technology—a frontier that aligns closely with my own research and 
teaching interests. Learning about Pamplin One and the thoughtful design 
of your undergraduate, master’s, Ph.D., and executive Ph.D. programs was 
inspiring. The breadth of your two campuses, Blacksburg and Northern 
Virginia, underscores the college’s ambition to expand its reach and 
impact.

I am excited by the prospect of joining a faculty that is already 
positioning itself as a research leader, with a clear emphasis on quality, 
impact, and collaboration. I believe that my expertise in 
technology‑enabled marketing and quantitative analysis could help 
accelerate that trajectory—and, in turn, allow me to make a substantial 
contribution to the college, the university, and the broader community.

Thank you again for your generosity and for sharing your insights. I look 
forward to staying in touch and exploring potential collaborations.

Best regards,

Maxx  

---

### 2. To a Senior Faculty Member (Professor [Last Name])

**Subject:** Appreciating Your Warm Reception  

Dear Professor [Last Name],

It was a pleasure to visit the Pamplin College of Business and to 
experience the warmth and professionalism of your team. The gifts of the 
wine glasses and custom notebook were both practical and elegant, and they 
will remind me of our engaging conversations for years to come.

Your research agenda—especially the intersection of business strategy and 
emerging technologies—resonates strongly with my own scholarly pursuits. 
The comprehensive vision of Pamplin One, ranging from undergrad to 
executive Ph.D. programs, illustrates a forward‑thinking approach that I 
find both compelling and unique.

I am encouraged by the college’s commitment to advancing research 
excellence and by the strategic leveraging of its two campuses. As a 
senior faculty member, I am eager for the opportunity to collaborate 
across departments, support the next generation of scholars, and help 
shape the college’s growth trajectory.

Thank you once more for your hospitality and for the inspiring tour of the 
facilities. I look forward to keeping in touch and exploring ways to 
contribute to Pamplin’s continued success.

Warm regards,

Maxx  

---

### 3. To a Senior Faculty Member (Professor [Last Name])

**Subject:** Gratitude for a Memorable Visit  

Dear Professor [Last Name],

I am writing to express my sincere gratitude for the warm reception I 
received during my recent visit to Pamplin. The wine glasses and custom 
notebook are delightful gifts that I will treasure, and they serve as a 
lovely reminder of your generosity.

It was refreshing to see how Pamplin places the interface of business and 
technology at the heart of its mission. This aligns perfectly with my 
research in digital transformation and data‑driven marketing. Learning 
about Pamplin One—its thoughtful suite of programs from the undergraduate 
to Ph.D. level—reinforced my conviction that this college is poised for 
significant growth.

The dual‑campus structure, Blacksburg and Northern Virginia, offers an 
exceptional platform to foster cross‑regional collaboration and expand 
research impact. I am excited by the prospect of contributing to this 
dynamic environment, leveraging my strengths in interdisciplinary 
research, and helping to drive the college’s ambition to rise in research 
rankings.

Thank you again for your hospitality and for sharing your vision. I look 
forward to staying connected and exploring potential future 
collaborations.

Best wishes,

Maxx  

---

### 4. To a Senior Faculty Member (Professor [Last Name])

**Subject:** Thank You for the Warm Welcome  

Dear Professor [Last Name],

Thank you for hosting me during my recent visit to the Pamplin College of 
Business. Your hospitality, coupled with the thoughtful gifts of wine 
glasses and a custom notebook, made my stay both comfortable and 
memorable.

The college’s focus on the interface of business and technology is a 
rapidly expanding field that dovetails with my own research agenda. I was 
particularly impressed by the strategic planning behind Pamplin One—an 
integrative framework that spans undergraduate, master’s, Ph.D., and 
executive Ph.D. programs.

Having two campuses in Blacksburg and Northern Virginia provides a unique 
opportunity to broaden research impact and access diverse student 
populations. As a senior faculty member, I am eager to leverage my 
experience in interdisciplinary research to support Pamplin’s aim of 
climbing the research rankings and fostering a culture of high‑impact 
scholarship.

I appreciate the time you shared and the warmth of the faculty welcome. I 
look forward to staying in touch and exploring ways to collaborate in the 
future.

Sincerely,

Maxx  

---

### 5. To a Senior Faculty Member (Professor [Last Name])

**Subject:** Thank You for an Inspiring Visit  

Dear Professor [Last Name],

I wanted to thank you for the warm reception during my recent visit to 
Pamplin. Your generous gifts—wine glasses and a custom notebook—are 
wonderful reminders of the collegial spirit I experienced.

It was engaging to see how Pamplin brings the interface of business and 
technology to the forefront of its curriculum and research agenda. This 
focus aligns strongly with my own work in digital innovation and 
analytics. Learning about the comprehensive Pamplin One plan—which covers 
undergraduate, master’s, Ph.D., and executive Ph.D. programs—underscored 
the college’s strategic vision.

The two‑campus structure (Blacksburg and Northern Virginia) represents a 
powerful platform to expand research collaborations, enroll diverse 
talent, and amplify impact. I am excited by the prospect of contributing 
to this dynamic environment as a senior faculty member and of helping the 
college advance its research rankings.

Thank you again for your hospitality and for sharing your insights. I look 
forward to staying in touch and exploring future collaborative 
opportunities.

Kind regards,

Maxx  

---

### 6. To the Department Coordinator (Ms. [Last Name])

**Subject:** Thank You for Making My Visit Exceptional  

Dear Ms. [Last Name],

Thank you for coordinating my trip to the Pamplin College of Business. 
Your meticulous planning ensured that each day was productive, and the 
warm welcome you extended was truly appreciated.

The gifts of the wine glasses and custom notebook were both thoughtful and 
useful, and they will serve as a constant reminder of the collegial 
atmosphere I experienced. I also wanted to commend you on the seamless 
logistics and the way you highlighted the college’s focus on the interface 
of business and technology—a key area where my own research and teaching 
can naturally intersect.

I was fascinated to learn about Pamplin One and the well‑crafted suite of 
programs spanning undergraduate to executive Ph.D. levels. Your dedication 
to helping the department advance its research ranking, coupled with a 
commitment to quality and impact, resonates with my own values as a senior 
faculty member.

Thank you again for your hospitality and for the delightful gifts. I hope 
we’ll have the chance to collaborate in the near future.

Best regards,

Maxx  

---

### 7. To the Dean (Dean [Last Name])

**Subject:** 
Visit to Pamplin -- Thank you

Dear Dean Sarker,

I am writing to express my sincere appreciation for the warm welcome  
extended during my recent visit to the Pamplin College of Business. Thank you for taking the time to explain the thoughtful approach you have taken with regard to both the educational offerings and faculty research. I left very impressed by your vision for the institution, with much of what you said resonating greatly with me.

I'm particularly excited by the opportunity, given Pamplin's focus at the intersection of business and tech, which directly aligns with my research interests. Your emphasis on elevating research quality and impact also aligns perfectly with my own commitments as a faculty member. Your thoughtful approach to managing the different needs of faculty at different career stages is also valuable in institution building. I am excited by the 
prospect of leveraging my expertise in technology‑enabled marketing and 
analytics to help achieve more impact in research. I'm looking forward to 
making an impact not just on my academic field, but more broadly at the institutional level, and Pamplin seems to offer a great opportunity.  The idea of using centers as a platform for connecting students, faculty and industry partners, creating new sponsored research (and education) collaborations is particularly exciting to me.

Regarding educational programs, the stackable and flexible approach to graduate programs is really unique and creative, providing flexibility to serve a unique, important and growing need in the market. It was also very helpful to hear your perspective on the college’s purposeful ongoing development of undergraduate, master’s, PhD, and executive PhD programs.

Thank you for your generosity in taking the time to share your vision 
for the future of Pamplin. I look forward to staying in touch, and look forward to connecting again.

Sincerely,
Vineet

____________________________________________________________________

Dear Meng and Jian,

Thank you very much for inviting me to visit Pamplin, Virginia Tech and Blacksburg.

First of all, it was wonderful to meet you both after a long time, but it felt a little bit like the old days at CMU. I cannot believe Alexandra is set to go to college soon, and really appreciate you sharing the wonderful experience the kids have had there.

The research culture you are developing at the department is very impressive. I really enjoyed meeting the faculty and what they are working on, learned a lot about the institution, and the potential opportunities ahead. I have to say you have an impressive set of both junior and senior faculty doing excellent work, and I have no doubt it will only grow in the future on these dimensions.

I remain keenly interested, as I conveyed to you, and when I met with Dipankar and Shane. I think it would be a wonderful opportunity for me to contribute and develop along research as well as other aspects. The college seems highly entrepreneurial. I learned from Dean Sarker about the excellent and thoughtful approach in terms of both faculty research and education. I think the department and college are very well positioned, as a result, to leap ahead in the coming years.

Look forward to staying in touch, and talking about this in the coming days.

Best,
Vineet

______________________________________________________________________

Dear Mario,

Thank you for inviting me to Pamplin, and for the wonderful hospitality. I really enjoyed our discussion, thank you for reading the paper carefully. I recall your thoughtful discussion points, as well as ideas for potential exploration when we met, and think that it would be great to continue the conversation.

I also greatly appreciate the wonderful conversation and dinner, including your wine expertise, and the extra-special treatment afforded to all of us. It all led to a really great and memorable experience,  one that I'll fondly remember. I do wish you the best for your health, and thank you for hosting me despite all that you had to endure.

Thank you too for sharing the history of the department and how it has evolved over the years. I think you have a wonderful set of junior and senior faculty doing very interesting and meaningful work, and my sense is there are many potential aspects where my interests would be complementary. I very much look forward to exploring this further.

Best,
Vineet

___________________________________________________________________________

Dear Dipankar,

Thank you for inviting me to Virginia Tech, I really enjoyed meeting everyone in the department and learning about the research culture. I think you have built a strong research group, and I was energized by the insightful and deep engagement in the seminar discussions, and in my one on meetings with the faculty, both quant and behavioral.

I got a really good idea of the thoughtful and careful vision laid out by Dean Sarker, and think the college is on a wonderful upward trajectory. The clear focus on research excellence, as well as the growth opportunities, including research collaborations and unique educational offerings are very exciting. I think these leave Virginia Tech very well positioned to make a substantial and lasting impact in tech + business, which is my focus area!

For all these reasons and more, I am keenly interested in taking this to the next step.

It was lovely to meet Sharmila and you over the weekend, please do convey my regards and best wishes to her as well. Thank you for taking such a personal interest in making this happen, I truly appreciate it.

Best,
Vineet

___________________________________________________________________________



